Add pixi [pyconde sprints] (#2525)
conda-forge/conda-smithy: news/pixi-dev-support.rst

**Added:**

> * Add Pixi dev support in `pyproject.toml`, keeping `conda` support as-is.
>   This is for devs working on `conda-smithy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add Pixi-driven development support in `pyproject.toml`, keeping `conda` support as-is. (#2525)
```
